Are back in.
Services are now in a pretty good spot and we're going to start to move back over to the front end portion
of our application.
So specifically the next DJ's app.
In this video, I want to give you a quick reminder on what we have done inside the client app so far,
give you a quick reminder about a couple of important topics around.
Next, as I think it started working on our next couple of pages for this thing, so let's get to it
inside of my client directory.
I'm going to find the indexed JS file.
So this indexed JS file currently serves as the landing page or our client application.
The only thing we are really showing on this landing page right now is some information about whether
or not the user is currently signed in beyond this landing page.
We also have some pages for handling.
Sign in, sign out and sign up.
That is it.
That's all we have inside of here right now.
So with that in mind, let's go take a look at a couple of mock ups and just start to picture exactly
what we need to build.
Okay.
So we've got our sign up done.
We've got sign in.
So they're now going to start to move on to some of these other screens along the list.
The next big screen that we're going to work on is going to be a list of tickets for sale.
We're going to make this into the landing page of our app.
So in other words, we're going to go to the indexed JS file inside of our pages directory and we're
going to very quickly start to replace a lot of the code inside of here.
Rather than just telling the user whether or not they are signed in, we are going to instead fetch
a list of tickets and show them to the user.
Whenever a user clicks on one of these tickets, we're then going to take them to a page that will give
them more info about that specific ticket.
A user should be able to click this purchase button right here.
And when a user clicks on that purchase button, remember what that is going to do on our back end server.
That is going to create a new order which expresses the intent for a user to purchase a ticket, kind
of temporarily reserves the ticket.
After user clicks on that purchase button, we're going to take them to another screen where we will
display some details about the order that was just created.
So we'll probably say, hey, you're trying to purchase this ticket.
We'll show a little countdown timer right here to show how much longer the user has to actually enter
their payment information and maybe also the price, even though I didn't really reflect it on this
markup.
If a user clicks on the pay button, we're then going to open up a little window.
Tied to stripe jazz.
So this little dialogue right here, we do not have to build that.
We're going to instead use a third party library that is going to create this window for us and handle
the entire stripe payment process automatically.
That is kind of the primary flow that a user is going to go through.
If they're going to see the list of tickets, they're going to look at a specific ticket click purchase
that's going to create the order, click pay and then enter their payment information.
And after that, in theory, the ticket at that point belongs to this user.
Naturally, before you implement any of those screens, we probably also need the ability to create
a ticket.
So we'll make a very simple form, like the one you see right here that user can use to make a brand
new ticket.
Okay.
So that's some of the different components we're going to have to create very quickly.
Now, one of the big things that we're going to start to realize as we go back into the world of next
days is that handling routing for some of these different screens is going to be just a little bit challenging.
So I'm going to show you just one more quick diagram that's going to help kind of summarize some of
the different pages that we're going to create in the next couple of videos and exactly some of the
different routes.
So we're going to write out for each of them.
Okay.
So in this diagram right here, we've got the different routes that a user is going to be able to visit
inside of our app.
We've got the corresponding file inside of our pages directory that we need to create.
So remember to create a new route or essentially new page inside of our next application.
We're going to create different files inside that page's directory right here.
And the structure of this directory and the names of the files inside there is going to dictate or determine
the different routes that a user can access.
And then finally on the right hand side is the goal of each of these different routes.
Now, we've already handled these first three right here, so those are pretty much done.
We don't really have to worry about them too much.
So we're going to first begin probably back on our list of tickets.
Or alternatively, maybe we will do the ticket creation form one or the other.
So we are going to make sure that inside that indexed file, we show the list of all tickets.
We're also going to make sure that at a route of tickets new, which means that we need a tickets folder
inside the pages directory and inside there we need a new JS file.
That is, we're going to create our form to make a brand new ticket.
Now, the other thing I want to point out here is that we have two different pages where we are showing
details about a very particular ticket and a very particular order that would be really this age right
here.
This is some details about a particular ticket and this is some details about a very particular order.
Usually whenever we are looking at a very particular record, we're going to reflect that records ID
inside of the URL.
So inside of this URL, we might have a path of something like orders slash and then the ID of the order
that we are looking for.
Same thing for tickets.
We might have something like tickets and then the ID of the ticket that we want to look at.
So handling IDs in next case is just a little bit complicated because of how we have to name the file
inside of our pages directory.
As we've seen, the names of these different files dictate the routes that are available.
But in this case, we want to have kind of a parameter, a query parameter, some wild card that is
a part of the URL.
To create some wild card in the URL.
When we make the corresponding page file, we're going to wrap that portion of the URL with square brackets.
The square brackets means this is a wild card of sorts.
Then inside the square brackets, we're going to put in the name of that query parameter and then we'll
be able to receive that query parameter inside of our component and understand exactly inside the component
which ticket we need to display details about.
So if we take a look at this root syntax right here, which probably makes sense if you're coming from
the world of express jazz to reflect that with a file inside of our pages directory, we would write
out a file with the name of tickets, square brackets, ticket ID, and then we could get access to
that ticket ID inside of our page component.
Okay.
So that's a lot of details.
Let's take a quick pause right here and continue in just a moment.